= Futurice Taxi Button

== License 

This bunch of files is licensed with BSD 3-clause license. See LICENSE.md for details.

Some parts of it are not covered by the same license. Files and parts of files that are not include text claiming that.

== Credits

- Software is mainly put together by Henri Holopainen. 
- Physical installation was done by Olli Jarva and Hanno Nevanlinna
- Bus/taxi screen layout was done by Iiro Isotalo and Timo Sulanne

== Background

In Futurice Ltd Helsinki office lobby we have taxi post with large button for ordering taxi to front door.
That system was built and programmed before our annual party, so it's a quick hack. It's not production
ready software.

== Quick HOWTO

Read all the code. It won't run without modifications. At least API keys and serial ports must be changed.

For API keys, 
- HSL: http://developer.reittiopas.fi/pages/fi/account-request.php?lang=EN
- weatherbug: http://weather.weatherbug.com/desktop-weather/api.html

Read {our blog post}[http://blog.futurice.com/one-click-taxi-order/] (you probably came from there)

1. Connect button to Arduino, upload button.pde from arduino subdirectory.
2. Install kannel
3. Install mobile broadband USB stick
4. Configure SIM card
   - disable PIN questioning from SIM card with mobile phone
   - add call forwarding to switchboard or similar
5. Edit kannel.conf and taxi-daemon.py
6. Start taxi-daemon.py
7. (Re)start kannel
8. Install apache2 and php5 module for apache2
9. Edit var/www/bus_display/script.js and index.html. At least API keys for weatherbug and HSL are missing. Add your own logo.
10. Start chrome with parameter --no-web-security and open var/www/bus_display/
11. Debug. Don't send test messages to taxi ordering number, use your own mobile phone number for that.


Feel free to contact <olli.jarva@futurice.com> if you have some problems. I'll try to answer, but I
can't make any promises on that matter.
